doc/source/api.rst, before:

API Documentation
=================

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

MonitorSetup
--------------------------
Used to store the display monitor and particular geometry used within a given 
experimental setup. The `Monitor` class holds references to the sizing of the 
monitor that is used to display stimulus routines and contains the necessary 
geometrical description of where the subject's eye is placed with respect to the 
display monitor. The `Indicator` class, on the other hand, is generally used in 
order to gain finer scales of temporal precision. This is done  by connecting a 
photodiode indicator to one of the corners of the display monitor and ideally 
synchronising the indicator with the triggering of specific stimulus events.

The module will most definitely be used in conjunction with the `DisplayStimulus`
and `StimulusRoutines` modules.

Monitor
+++++++
.. autoclass:: retinotopic_mapping.MonitorSetup.Monitor
   :members: 

Indicator
+++++++++
.. autoclass:: retinotopic_mapping.MonitorSetup.Indicator
   :members:


StimulusRoutines
------------------

UniformContrast
+++++++++++++++
.. autoclass:: retinotopic_mapping.StimulusRoutines.UniformContrast
   :members:

FlashingCircle
++++++++++++++
.. autoclass:: retinotopic_mapping.StimulusRoutines.FlashingCircle
   :members:

SparseNoise
+++++++++++
.. autoclass:: retinotopic_mapping.StimulusRoutines.SparseNoise
   :members:

DriftingGratingCircle
+++++++++++++++++++++
.. autoclass:: retinotopic_mapping.StimulusRoutines.DriftingGratingCircle   
   :members:

KSstim
+++++++
.. autoclass:: retinotopic_mapping.StimulusRoutines.KSstim
   :members:

KSstimAllDir
+++++++++++++
.. autoclass:: retinotopic_mapping.StimulusRoutines.KSstimAllDir
   :members:



DisplayStimulus
----------------

DisplaySequence
++++++++++++++++
.. autoclass:: retinotopic_mapping.DisplayStimulus.DisplaySequence
   :members:

Commit message:

pooled commits from John for indexed display Dev (#3)
* debug docs4

* debug docs 5

* debug docs 6

* debug docs 6

* Add retinotopic map video to docs

* debug sphinx-docs

* add _static path to conf.py

* push new html builds to github

* update docs

* debug docs

* debug docs 2

* debug docs 3

* debug docs 3

* debug docs 4

* debug docs 5

* debug docs 5

* change remap() doc method

* first iteration that can display by index

* clean up some code

* add some tests for timing purposes

* Add timing tests for index display

* fix typos

doc/source/api.rst, after:

API Documentation
=================

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

MonitorSetup
--------------------------
Used to store the display monitor and particular geometry used within a given 
experimental setup. The `Monitor` class holds references to the sizing of the 
monitor that is used to display stimulus routines and contains the necessary 
geometrical description of where the subject's eye is placed with respect to the 
display monitor. The `Indicator` class, on the other hand, is generally used in 
order to gain finer scales of temporal precision. This is done  by connecting a 
photodiode indicator to one of the corners of the display monitor and ideally 
synchronising the indicator with the triggering of specific stimulus events.

The module will most definitely be used in conjunction with the `DisplayStimulus`
and `StimulusRoutines` modules.

Monitor
+++++++
.. autoclass:: retinotopic_mapping.MonitorSetup.Monitor
   :members: 

Indicator
+++++++++
.. autoclass:: retinotopic_mapping.MonitorSetup.Indicator
   :members:


StimulusRoutines
------------------

UniformContrast
+++++++++++++++
.. autoclass:: retinotopic_mapping.StimulusRoutines.UniformContrast
   :members:

FlashingCircle
++++++++++++++
.. autoclass:: retinotopic_mapping.StimulusRoutines.FlashingCircle
   :members:

SparseNoise
+++++++++++
.. autoclass:: retinotopic_mapping.StimulusRoutines.SparseNoise
   :members:

DriftingGratingCircle
+++++++++++++++++++++
.. autoclass:: retinotopic_mapping.StimulusRoutines.DriftingGratingCircle   
   :members:

KSstim
+++++++
.. autoclass:: retinotopic_mapping.StimulusRoutines.KSstim
   :members:

KSstimAllDir
+++++++++++++
.. autoclass:: retinotopic_mapping.StimulusRoutines.KSstimAllDir
   :members:



DisplayStimulus
----------------
Visual Stimulus codebase implements several classes to display stimulus routines.
Can display frame by frame or compress data for certain stimulus routines and 
display by index. Used to manage information between experimental devices and 
interact with :mod:`StimulusRoutines` module to produce visual display and log data. 
May also be used to save and export movies of experimental stimulus routines for 
presentation.

DisplaySequence
++++++++++++++++
.. autoclass:: retinotopic_mapping.DisplayStimulus.DisplaySequence
   :members:
